JSX, the components can be self closing if not contain any element eg: <App />
Always one component per page

Class Components & Function components
Only class based components have state
Controlled Component: The value set by the state.

Container: A container is a component that has direct access to the state that produced by redux. React and redux are two separate libraries and through the containers these two makes the app.

Unidirectional data flow-Most important React principle
Single source of truth
Data flows from top components to bottom components
No watching or dirty-checking objects
DOM updates are slow, not JS itself
React does minimal DOM updates possible
React batches reads and writes, it's hard to do this manually

connect takes a function(mapStateToProps) and a component(BookList) and produces container

Application state is generated by Reducer function


Redux generated a state object and mapped that state as props to the component.
Whenever the application state got updated, the container will rerender again.

Component vs Container: If the component needs to change the state of the application through Ajax call or some other action, then that component should be a container. Since component cannot access to the state of the application. Component shows some content on the screen, where as the container communicate with redux and change the state of the application.

React Life cycle method is a function on a react component class  that is automatically called by react



